[Music]
you're gonna be late right I look good
yes water that came from your thigh gap
no thank you
thanks for calling it again celebrity
chef Sascha Trent and her fiancé Brandon
Choi what a great cause huh you're
opening a new restaurant and I need to
go to San Francisco
[Applause]
Hey hi Marcus yeah hi Sasha
hi hello hi long time yes yes very long
time was it salsa Tristan Angela Carone
agent Oprah how much money do you have
now it's serious I'm surprised you two
lost touch he used to be so close so
when's the big wedding day he wants to
travel a bit before we settle down it's
really for the both of us I finally
realized that I don't want to marry you
I can tell you're a little bit okay mom
area and yourself to get you shitty
piece of you are scary I just have
to start dating again there anything
worse you and Marcus are so cute
remind me why you never got together
there's way too much history there up
[Music]
you still have the Corolla what are you
looking at my back seat because we had
sex back there oh my god what do you
think that it might be even smaller and
grosser than I remember
yeah you better still be talking about
my back seat
[Music]
you don't want to wonder what is
tell her how you feel so it's news so do
I thank mines big - okay look that's
that's so great we had the most insane
freaky ass sex I can't even talk about
it otherwise you're talking about
there is
[Music]
Oh baby I missed your thigh miss your
beard Scratchy
I missed your taste
you
[Music]